feat(alers): Update note about filtering out archived issues (#9359)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/alerts/alert-types.mdx

<Note>

> Metric alerts aren’t affected by [archived issues](/product/issues/states-triage/#archive), so events from those issues are counted if they match the filters of your metric alert rule. Events from archived and resolved issues can be filtered out by using the `is:unresolved` filter in your metric alert rule filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metric alerts may include [archived issues](/product/issues/states-triage/#archive) if events from those issues match the filters of your metric alert rule. Events from archived and resolved issues can be filtered out by using the `is:unresolved` filter in your metric alert rule. This filter is added by default when creating a new metric alert, but you may need to manually add it to older metric alerts if you want them to exclude archived issues.
```
